now the human crisis in Syria seems to
be escalating every day with more than
two million Syrians now registered as
refugees and as well as those who have
left it's understood a further four
million have been displaced within the
country and we all see the often
upsetting pictures on television one
person now who has experienced Syria
firsthand his charity volunteer yes in
see that from Blackburn who was part of
a group providing at food and medical
support as you can see he's here yes and
thank you very much indeed for coming in
just give us a flavor of what you saw
with some of the refugees that you met
but just being there along was a sense
of sort of abnormality from from from
the day we set off and we got into Syria
itself especially for the young people
that was the main reason why I went
you just can't feel you just feel this
sense that there's you know they're
missing out on everything you know the
people are sort of jobless homeless this
is showing isn't it some people that
work have been made homeless and this is
what your charity is filmed inside their
camp yes that's right I mean just just
seeing the people even though that's
speaking about it it just brings back a
lot of memories and once you there used
to be seen a lot of volunteers that were
widows just crying openly and seeing
things are you just don't see it
obviously for us like we think you
geared up you can sack yourself up to go
and see things the children you know
they've done nothing wrong that a lot of
people don't see that side of war you
know they're going to have lost on out
on education that the aspirations in
life any kind of ambition and through
obviously walk sometimes breeds hatred
sort of further hatred did you sense
that the because we're hearing
increasingly about the humanitarian
crisis did you sense being there that
you could see more and more people
flooding into the refugee camps needing
help yes definitely I mean we were told
a lot and more and more people were sort
of fleeing even across the refugee comes
into neighboring countries but a lot of
them are sort of patriarchal they want
to stay in their country they feel like
a sense of defeat it sort of speak if if
they leaving and you had more and more
people are coming out and it's just more
and more sort of the fear is rising and
rising and rising
and this although the fit they jobless
and everything else there is a sense of
sort of hope somewhere where people like
us go in there they just say well we're
not alone and if they know about this
something but something else we don't
know like why did you want to get
involved why did I know you want to go
back out again don't you yeah just a
sense of consciousness and I think
something that when we nurtured like my
religious but back on being a Muslim you
taught that's all we're all one nation
and you're as a part of the whole body
and if someone's suffering
anywhere in the world you should so fast
part of that it's a sense of
responsibility and I think something
that we should all have an IH all young
people everybody to sort of take out a
bit of time from their everyday busy
lives although we very busy just to do
something and the sense of achievement
will be more than prices actually thank
you very much indeed for coming we wish
you well if you go back and let us know
thank you thank you very much